Optitrack: use mavproxy optitrack module (#4207)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-optitrack.rst

Configuration the drone
=======================

- set :ref:`AHRS_EKF_TYPE <AHRS_EKF_TYPE>` to 3 , :ref:`EK3_ENABLE <EK3_ENABLE>` to 1 and :ref:`EK2_ENABLE <EK2_ENABLE>` to 0

> - set :ref:`COMPASS_USE <COMPASS_USE>`, :ref:`COMPASS_USE2 <COMPASS_USE2>`, :ref:`COMPASS_USE3 <COMPASS_USE3>` to 0. It prvents ardupilot from using compass, because there are many source casue electromagnetic interference in indoor enviorment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- set :ref:`COMPASS_USE <COMPASS_USE>`, :ref:`COMPASS_USE2 <COMPASS_USE2>`, :ref:`COMPASS_USE3 <COMPASS_USE3>` to 0. It prevents ArduPilot from using compass, because there are many sources causing electromagnetic interference in indoor environment.
```

Author: Hi @nkruzan Thank you :)
